How to become LIMITLESS (my 4 step method) - YouTube
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lOW9BF966-M

Transcript:
(00:00) A few years back, I was 30 minutes away from the biggest breakthrough of my career. I was meeting this guy first thing at like 7:00 a.m. in the morning. And depending on how this meeting went would change the trajectory of my life. And the only thing I could think of in that moment was I pray this guy cancels.
(00:20) To give you some context, I was meeting to sign potentially the biggest client I'd ever had, who was a famous DJ from the area that I was working in. He was from around there. And I woke up 600 6:30 in the morning and I felt [ __ ] awful. I was run down, exhausted. My face just looked like it had given up. And as a guy who preached health so much and fitness was basically my whole life, I I was I was pretty disappointed and I was ashamed.
(00:55) I was ashamed that I'd let myself get to this point. And that's where it all started. So I was working in this corporate gym, you know, the kind where the the moms come in in the Range Rover, do a little yoga class, and then get some kombucha after with the other moms, you know, that kind of spot. But there was also like a lot of celebrities and athletes and stuff which was quite cool.
(01:18) But not just that, there was also like musicians and whatever. Now the athletes, they would come in and do a bit of their morning cardio strength and conditioning and [ __ ] But then there was also, as I said, a few musicians and whatever. And I just by chance got chatting to this guy one day and I didn't know who he was. and he told me what he he did and he was like I'm a I'm basically a famous DJ and they go around you know all the world basically.
(01:45) He told me that he wasn't feeling good and he was really struggling like with his energy and you know especially being on the road he wouldn't really fuel properly. He would probably sleep three four hours a night and you know all the kind of travel [ __ ] But then he said when he got back he felt just as bad. And what the [ __ ] thing was me as a personal trainer, I was thinking I feel the exact same.
(02:10) He told me that he was interested in working with me and I was still quite fresh to like training and coaching and stuff at this time. So, you know, this was a big deal. And, you know, me being me, I was said, "Yeah, yeah, come in first thing in the morning. Uh, we'll have a chat and get you all set up and whatever.
(02:27) " Then I woke up the next morning and this is where everything turned. I woke up and I just felt out of it. Like you know them ones where you're drowsy, lethargic, like I couldn't even see straight. I I was like looking in the mirror thinking, "What the fuck?" This wasn't the first time I've I've woke up feeling like this.
(02:45) In honesty, it's probably, you know, most days. But when you've got a big meeting or something so important to your work, you know, you can't have these things come [ __ ] you up. So anyway, I I did what I always do, you know, I smashed back the caffeine. Being a Yorkshireman, I I drank a lot of tea.
(03:04) So, I had one cup, two cups, and bearing in mind, this is about 45 minutes before I was meeting this guy. And I had some caffeine pills, so [ __ ] it, I'll take them. So, I smashed some of them back, had a look in my supplement basket, and I had, you know, a few different bits. So, I basically just was throwing a concoction together like, "Right, let's go with this.
(03:27) " And after about 10 minutes, I just got really anxious. like my my toes started curling up in my shoes and like I started sort of shaking and stuff like it was [ __ ] horrible. And I didn't realize at the time but I I see it now that my body was just in complete misalignment with my natural flow and smashing back the caffeine, especially after drinking the night before.
(03:54) It's just like one big cortisol hit where you know you pile on the caffeine to feel better but then you feel so anxious from the caffeine that you need to drink and then you go to bed after drinking and you need some more caffeine and that's the trap. Your body just gets more dependent every day whilst you keep feeling worse and worse. I was stuck in this exact caffeine alcohol cycle for years until I figured out how to actually get away from it without just feeling like complete [ __ ] I've actually put together the exact steps you need to take every day over
(04:28) the next 3 weeks so you can start to have incredible all day energy again and start looking and feeling great. So, if you want to get that, it'll be the second link in the description. So, at this point, I was obviously thinking, "Fuck, what do I do?" So, I was like, "Right, I need some food.
(04:47) " So, I whipped up some scrambled eggs probably in about 3 minutes as my arms were [ __ ] going like this. Popped it on a bit quick slice of toast. And I think I even had a white monster in which I was like, "Fuck it, I'm nailing this as well." And I felt even worse. Like the the I just got all this anxiety, all this cortisol whilst not feeling very well.
(05:08) And then I just got big [ __ ] food hit as well, which completely wiped me. And now we're talking, you know, like I'm setting off in five minutes. And this is when I realized that the modern world is not set up to serve us. The foods we eat, the drinks we have, the substances, the way we live, all of it just complete [ __ ] show with the way that our body and you know, our mind and everything is meant to regulate.
(05:34) And this isn't just about good fuel, but it's about the right fuel coming from nature at the right times, getting the right sleep, and you know, making sure we're looking after our proper sleep hygiene and all the little bits, the exercise and whatever. They're all so important. Yet, what do we do? We feed ourselves foods, you know, the processed Starbucks [ __ ] crypto, social media, work from home jobs, all this kind of [ __ ] you know, we we don't even see our friends anymore.
(06:06) Like, [ __ ] we don't even leave the house. So, we don't even get sunlight, we don't even walk, you know, like this is this is how everyone's living now. Looking back, I can see, you know, all my problems now. But what I've actually realized from going through all this and having to bounce back is that we can categorize life and the way we live into three brackets.
(06:35) So there's three ways to live, right? So the first one is what I've just mentioned. You know the typical western diet, the poor sleep, you know, not looking after your body, not looking after your mental health, doing all this [ __ ] [ __ ] This is where I would say 95% of people are. They're just living mindlessly.
(06:55) There's there's no no strategy at all for anything. You know, they wake up, have a Mac McDonald's breakfast, not even know what they're gonna have for dinner, you know, like [ __ ] gets to a lunch break and they're like, I'll just have a lasagna. Come back to their desk absolutely zombied thinking, "Fucking hell, why do I feel like this?" Like these people, they're just they're operating at about [ __ ] 20%.
(07:21) Like they're wasting 80% of their potential. And then you have the select minority. So these guys, you know, they're health conscious. They they go to the gym. They try not to eat too much [ __ ] foods, try not to drink too much, you know, just generally they're trying to take care of themselves, but they don't have any real, you know, systems in place.
(07:41) The reason you feel [ __ ] is because you lack the real systems for your health, life, and energy. Now, this is likely where you're at and it's a tough place to be because you're doing, you know, as much as you can and you're you're trying to do what you think is right, but you still feel like you're operating at about 50 maybe 60%.
(08:07) So, that's about 4% of guys, right? 95% in the first, 4% in the second. That leaves the 1%. So what the 1% are doing is they have actual systems down. They they know how their energy works. They know how their body works. So they have systems down for their energy, for their body goals, for their health, for their mindset, for their relationships.
(08:34) They, you know, they they do everything with intention and have a reason for why they're doing it. And this is how this is how you unlock that 100%, you know, 95, 100%. They do everything with intention. And this is what I call limitless. Okay. Now, how do you know which one of these brackets you're in? Well, I'll use myself as an example.
(08:59) So, I was trying really [ __ ] hard in the gym and with my diet and stuff. Now, I was drinking a lot and I wasn't sleeping too good, which sort of go hand in hand. But I I was putting in 100%. But I didn't feel it, you know, like if you don't feel 100% like most days, then you're probably in this middle bracket.
(09:26) And like I said, you're doing everything you can, but it's like you still get outworked by the guy who's [ __ ] eating Cheetos and has a Big Mac on his lunch break and [ __ ] runs laps around you. And this is where I was that morning when I met the DJ, you know. Not only did I wake up with poor energy and feeling [ __ ] I added fuel to the fire, you know, with more [ __ ] with with the the wrong foods and, you know, all the wrong substances and everything.
(09:53) and it just piled and piled on until I [ __ ] combust. So, I want to introduce you to something that not just changed my energy, but my entire life. Okay. So, there's there's two energies you can have, right? There's drag energy and glide energy. So, drag is, you know, it's friction. It slows you down and, you know, like it stops you moving.
(10:18) Whereas glide, you know, glide is smooth. It's it's free flowing. It's natural. Uh you glide through right now. Practically speaking, drag energy is where 99% of guys are. They have friction and stress in their life. They resort to the quick fixes. You know, they they put the bad fuel on the fire and this just leads you to, you know, rising cortisol, more stress, more anxiety and you just come to a crash and you basically repeat this every day.
(10:49) Whereas glide energy, there's no friction. It's just smooth and you feel incredible every day. So, let me show you how this plays out. So, I've got this program called Limitless, right? And we basically help guys cure their chronic tiredness, you know, break their caffeine and alcohol dependencies and we basically help them fix their hormone and body breakdown as well, right? And guys we work with, they're usually, you know, business owners or they're in sales or working some sort of high stakes career, right? And they need
(11:26) their energy, you know, they they need high energy in their work life and then have, you know, enough for their social life and then also their personal and physical life and fitness, right? And they need all this without it actually subtracting from their physique. Now, when you think of business owners and sailors bros and stuff, you know, you think of the [ __ ] stimmed out, you know, rack bros basically who are not looking after themselves and, you know, just basically running on on fumes on all the caffeine and whatever. The guys
(12:00) in Limitless, they're absolutely crushing it in their work. They don't use coffee, you know? They don't drink it. They don't drink Red Bulls. They don't use caffeine pills. They don't take aderderall. They don't use anything, you know, they don't even have a a stack, you know, a supplement stack. And they also don't spend longer than two days a week in the gym, right? They get all their training and everything done in two days.
(12:31) So that's 5 days a week. They they don't even have to go in the gym and they look [ __ ] good. And the third thing is they're feeling great all the time and they're not drinking alcohol in a night. you know, they most of them are completely sober. Some choose to on occasion, but they didn't have to use willpower, you know, to get there.
(12:49) And how this practically works is, as I said, they have the systems down. They're in that top 1% of health. They have everything down to a tea where their body works properly in in alignment with their natural state. So, you know, in a morning, they don't need the caffeine and all the [ __ ] to, you know, feel focused, driven, and feel good.
(13:12) and on an evening they don't need alcohol to feel confident, to feel less anxious, to feel good and and you know basically feel good about themselves. But then they're also building a fantastic physique. So you think of most things in life where you have to give up the fitness to work on your business or then if you want to work on your business, you need to [ __ ] the fitness off.
(13:34) You know, these things don't normally work together. But what I found is a way to feel energized and feeling [ __ ] electric every morning. You know, the money-making hours, but it not take away from your physique. This is what I call the naughty sweet spot. When you get into this range where you just look and feel [ __ ] amazing.
(13:54) You know, your hormones are peaked out, you've got all the right muscle, you've not got the flab, but you got so much energy as well. and you're not eating all wrong foods like you're actually fueling right unlike I was that morning where you know exactly what to do and you're not waking up thinking [ __ ] what do I have you know it's already set out now the first secret is having a morning fuel system so I would usually just wake up I wouldn't eat whatever but you know I would usually have maybe some eggs maybe a bit of toast if I felt hungry enough
(14:25) uh protein shakes this kind of stuff and then I could sink a boatload of caffeine and supplements and [ __ ] And despite doing all this, every morning felt like an uphill drag, you know, like I would start in bed from here and I had to get up to the mountain to be able to do something.
(14:45) But what I've learned now is there's only a few foods that are made to actually work with our energy, right? So, how many foods are there? [ __ ] 200 million. For me, there's only a few foods that work to actually give me energy, give me focus and stuff on a morning, and nothing actually was working in alignment with me. So, I sort of thought the only thing I would be able to do if I wanted to, you know, have the energy and focus was intermittent fasting.
(15:16) Now, I've never been a fan of intermittent fasting. It's obviously not good for muscle, you know, like cuz you're just starving yourself. I also didn't like that, you know, being hungry, it was distracting. Like, in a way, I would rather feel a little bit brain fogged from a little bit of food than rather have my stomach in pain.
(15:34) So, this is when I started developing what I now know as the Limitless Morning. So, the Limitless Morning is a step-by-step. It's basically a blueprint of exactly what you do every morning. You know, it's a morning system where you eat certain foods, you do certain things. So, it's going to make you feel incredible.
(15:55) It's going to give you more energy, more drive, more, you know, your brain is switched on, but you also get to eat a shitload of food, which is [ __ ] great. Now, these two don't normally go hand in hand together, cuz usually when you eat a big meal, you know, you get the big [ __ ] sucker punch and you crash. But this is what I've been able to develop in the Limitless Morning to help you fuel exactly how you how your body needs to respond.
(16:22) So, with being a business owner myself, I know what it's like having these early morning hours, how important they are. So, that's the first secret. The second secret is how I changed up my training. So, as a past bodybuilder, I was in the gym all the time really. My my average was probably 5 days a week, sometimes six if I could hack it, but I was always drained. Like, my body was aching.
(16:48) I had joint pain. I just felt like every day like I can't believe I've got training again. Like the problem is as so as a as a like a heavy lifter, if if you go to the gym regularly, you know what it's like when when your body feels beaten up and you've got to go train again. And this is because the body doesn't work in body parts, right? So when you train legs, it's not just your legs taxed, it's your full body taxed.
(17:17) So then when you come into the next day and you think, I've only got chest. What? And then you get into the session and you're like, why do I feel so weak today? It's because the body works together. You know, it's got a a natural regulation system, the CNS, right? You know, the central nervous system. And once I started realizing this, it stopped making sense to me to train too much.
(17:38) Now, I was still tied to my 5 days a week, but I ended up getting injured again. And this was about 15 months ago. The only thing I could really do was strip back my training. I had to go to two days a week. That's all I could manage. You know, with the injuries I had, I had some upper body injuries and lower at the same time.
(17:58) So, I was expecting to sort of, you know, not feel as good or start to look [ __ ] lose all my muscle. I actually not just maintained with injuries, but I actually started looking even better. And the best part is I started feeling like basically incredible. Every day felt just like [ __ ] great. Like no more body aches, no more dread of having to do the gym [ __ ] three, four, five nights in a row.
(18:27) I had so much free time to explore whatever I wanted. So, you know, for me being health consscious, that was, you know, more recovery. So, I started getting into the sauna a lot more. I could get in two, three, sometimes four days a week. I could go for swims. I could go for nice long hikes. If I had to travel somewhere, I wasn't dreading, oh, I've got to try fit a session in, you know, I had two days a week.
(18:51) And that gives you a bit of flexibility as well to to not let training ruin your life. And I looked into it and it turns out there was a term for this. It's called minimalist training, right? So, I looked at people's programs, but I didn't like it. the the minimalist training I'd seen online, they were all like these, you know, get go in, do your main compounds and then, you know, spend like maybe 20 minutes on each, do one for each body part and then get out.
(19:19) That's great for strength, but for me as a bodybuilder, you know, this didn't make much sense. I still wanted to train all the little nuances in the body. And this is what I started to, you know, develop again, which eventually became limitless training, right? So, it's training in a way that works with your body rather than against it.
(19:40) And, you know, this is a big part of, you know, training that drags you down versus training where you glide because you have so much more energy and life to actually enjoy. And the third secret was getting into a natural high. Now, this was a game changer for me because I was always succumbing and felt like I was a slave to my vices.
(20:04) So I couldn't work up and get to work without the caffeine and the supplements and stuff and then on an evening I couldn't you know get into my fun the social bubbly side without and feel confident without the alcohol. So what this was able to let me do was just maintain instead of these peaks and troughs crashes and then you know like this big rush and everything.
(20:28) It just brings up your baseline to a nice 60 70% where you're you're good at all times. And I was never like a chill guy. I I was a chill I was never really a chill guy. Like I wanted to be, but I was quite anxious. I was quite erratic and I wasn't really a comfortable guy to be around. And that's because I always needed either caffeine or alcohol to get me out of my anxiety.
(20:55) But then you're sort of, you know, you're not in your natural state anymore. And it's this natural state where you you when you meet someone and they seem so peaceful, tranquil, and just happy with everything. They will they won't be on anything. They will just be in this natural state. And this is what I call now the limitless flow.
(21:16) And with the limitless flow, you don't need willpower to get off your vices. You don't need to have this big cold cold turkey day or anything like this. You're just able to harness your natural energy until you become so, you know, good with yourself. You actually don't need any of this other [ __ ] And we as humans, we wasn't designed to need caffeine to survive.
(21:39) You know, caffeine only came in a hundred years ago. You know, there was Coca-Cola who was one of the first to bring out like the the brain crack. And then in the 50s and 60s it started to come to the mainstream where it actually became a normal thing to need a cup of coffee to start your day. But before that they didn't need any coffee.
(22:01) And on the other side of the same coin is alcohol. Right? Alcohol is something that everyone knows is a depressant. It's not good for our state. It it's a quick fix. Everyone is in agreeance with this. Yet no one seems to bat an eye with getting in from work, having, you know, a few beers, one, two, three wines, getting basically out of yourself, and then, you know, going to bed.
(22:28) Now, what you're basically doing is stimming out all day on caffeine and then numbing the pain with alcohol on a night. And this is modern life. It sells you caffeine to wake up, gives you a shitload of anxiety, and then sells you alcohol to cure your anxiety and get to bed. And then when you wake up, you need some more caffeine.
(22:47) Now, on the topic of anxiety, just have a guess when anxiety started to rise, right? When caffeine came in in the 60s. Since 60s, anxiety has just gone up and up and up. And now, you know, we have words for it, certain terms. Anxiety didn't even exist a 100 years ago. You know, anything mental wasn't it didn't exist. And now we basically have an anxiety crisis.
(23:17) So when you couple constant caffeine with the alcohol, this is when you just have the hormonal and body breakdown and you know things just start to spiral. And this is exactly what the limitless flow is all about to get rid of that anxiety to get you off of all these you know fixes.
(23:35) You know you need one thing to bring you up then another to bring you down. The way the human body works it's very [ __ ] clever. It just works naturally if you let it. Now the problem is how do we get to the natural state? Because we have so many obstacles in the way now. It's like anything you drink has caffeine in.
(23:54) Anything you eat has processed foods in. Everything is designed to trip you up and make you fall. And any social event, you know, you're the weird one if you don't have alcohol. So this is what the Limitless Flow is about to help you find that real natural energy again. So, they're the main three secrets that I've personally used to help go from that drag energy, you know, where that morning I couldn't get myself to work, I couldn't face the meeting, and I just wanted to [ __ ] end it all to the glide energy now where everything's smooth, everything's
(24:24) natural, and it just, you know, feels so much better. Now, of course, I still have bad days. This isn't magic. You know, I I named this Limitless because it's the closest thing to the Limitless pill that I've seen personally. All right, so quick thing. I didn't cover is the fourth system, Limitless Health. This changed everything for me.
(24:46) My hormones were completely [ __ ] I was taking like 15 supplements that basically did nothing. And I genuinely felt like my insides were just dying. But it hit me. I was basically trying to like paint over a cracked wall. And that's when I realized that you can't fix any of these other things with your training, your diet, your energy without getting your health in order first.
(25:16) So in Limitless Health, we actually fix what's [ __ ] you know, your blood work, your testosterone, your gut, your adrenals, all the real stuff that's actually making you feel like [ __ ] And without this, I would still be in that same position, probably just taking 10 more supplements and probably on hormone therapy by now.
(25:38) This is just what's worked for me. And if you've resonated with anything that I've said in this video, then I think it would work for you, too. And I'll give you an example. You know, like my past client, L, he he came to me in a really bad place. You know, he was drinking all the time. His body was not looking good at all.
(25:58) He said to me it was the worst he's ever looked. He'd also just broken up with his girlfriend and, you know, you could just tell that everything was off with him. We we helped him with, you know, the Limitless systems and he he was down 35 pounds. You know, we we definitely fixed his hormones. He got a new girlfriend and his libido was back.
(26:18) He started having energy in his job again. He worked an important job. you know, there was a lot of money on the line and he was able to start fixing his work life, his social life, everything sort of came back together. And the last time I spoke to him, he'd not touched alcohol for over a year.
(26:38) And I'm pretty sure that apart from maybe on occasion, he he literally doesn't even use caffeine anymore. So, you know, this is great. This is this what Limitless is all about. So, here's what I want to leave you with, okay? I'll give you two options and you can pick which way you'd like to go. So the first option is I have a less than 30 days to double your energy and this will be a full course which I will send you every day to take you through that first 30 days.
(27:06) This is exactly what I wish I had back when I was waking up awful that morning and it's what I've now been able to develop into that first 30 days to absolutely change the game for you. So, if you're on the YouTube channel, this will be the second link in this description, or if you want to solve this now, you know, you want to cure that chronic tiredness, you want to finally get off the dependencies and reliance to all the alcohol and the constant caffeine and the anxiety crashes, then I'll give you the option to join Limitless. So,
(27:38) underneath this video, the first link there, that will be a link to my website. And on there you can have a look at what we do, you know, how we help you, exactly, you know, the ins and outs of how all the program works and stuff. If you're not quite ready yet, that's completely fine. You can go join that 30 days or less to double your energy and I'll send you, you know, basically the full 3 week breakdown.
(28:00) This isn't impossible to do. If you're feeling run down and you're convinced that, you know, this the only way out is to pound the caffeine and then, you know, use all these quick fixes. That was me, you know. I was I was a caffeine addict. I was I drank heavily for 10 years.
(28:20) And my I didn't see changes in my body for a long time until I started implementing all of this. And now I've basically got my dream physique. I'm a thousand days sober, by the way. And I'm just coming up to what I think I've already passed it one year free from caffeine now. So I've definitely, you know, reached my limitless flow and I only train two times a week.
(28:39) I didn't use any willpower, right? I didn't need AA meetings. I didn't need these hard words from anyone. I just did it, you know, the nice, easy way, which I wish I had back at the start. So, I hope this video's helped. Click the link below to start feeling incredible again.